+++
title = "2022 December 16"
date = 2022-12-16

[taxonomies]
categories = []
tags = ["til", "AWS", "DynamoDB"]
+++

## Today I learned

In [DynamoDB](/tags/dynamodb) you can write a **maximum of 25 objects** as a Batch Write 

```TypeScript
  const client = new AWS.DynamoDB.DocumentClient();
  const tableName = process.env.tableName;
  if (tableName) {
    const putRequests = users.map((user) => {
      return {
        PutRequest: {
          Item: {
            HashKeyName: "HashKeyValue",
            SortKeyname: "SortKeyValue",
            ...Other attributes
          },
        },
      };
    });
    const params = {
      [tableName]: putRequests,
    };
    client
      .batchWrite({ RequestItems: params })
      .promise()
      .then((data) => {
        console.log("Batch successful");
        console.log(data);
      })
      .catch((err) => {
        console.log("Batch failed");
        console.log(err);
      });
  }
```

<div id="on-organizing-information"></div>
 
## On organizing information 

Lately I have been thinking a lot about the best way to organise the information I collect and generate on daily bases. A bulk of it is in paper notebooks written using a legacy input device called pen. A lot of it also exists in digital format scattered between a personal wiki based on Vimwiki plugin, some of it lives in Notion and other folder structures on my computer. I find Notion to be excellent but I'd much rather prefer it in plain text files or Markdown files and not stored on some company's servers. Obsidian is something I have played with and it is great but I don't think it will be around for a very long time. A new shinier thing will come along and Obsidian will slowly fade away. 

I think the best way is to store it as plain Markdown files and have my own structure based on taxnonomies which make sense to me. I have played with a folder structure where I have high level folders such as **technology**, **books**, **health** etc. and have sub folders in each one of them. I used this structure for about a month and found the cognitive load to be greater than what I want. The structure has to be simple enough so that I don't have to break the flow and creating folders was just too much friction. I often had to think where a piece of information should go and then create a folder if one does not exist. I want something simpler.

So I am now experimenting with [categories](/categories) and [tags](/tags) where tags are the heavy lifters and together they are how I want the information to be organised. From today I have also started a [#til](/tags/til) tag which stands for Today I Learned. Let's see how this goes.
